You can see when im at design studio apge opened at phone its shows a cart or like that which is also cutoffed! And  also it should be in dowside of the mockups but its in up and also cutoffed! So frustrating that youve not designed correctly which will blow up and impress customers you did something which will do negative its not expwcting thing from you, hope you will take full responsibility to make sure its good worked well and perfectly everything of the whole site is well developed established and greatly working. So u fix the attached thing s problem and also the other things also completely not only this bpage but you did all pages at full website withvadmin panel pages too. Each and everything is working or not if not than why and what to do if done to do then whats next and what improvement you can did and also of things more you need emphasise  and implemented successfully. & after all im also telling you some problem what i found u will found lots i know so youwill solve all anyways also you see the orders statys im changing from admin panel but not shoeing live that the status changed takes effects ot not but yes its effects show if i reload the browser or refresh click on the button, which should be like fully live not like after refresh.. Adn also you can see the tracking page just showing searching might be any infinty loop it is trapped so you should fix it and also using only the tracking number and their phone or mail any can be ok and they can track, so it means Where u asked at tracking for mail there you will ask for mail/mobile any and the tracking number as the order number u will ask.  thats it. And it should work perfectly, and also one more thing when a user finished their order and see their order id and also see that page where track your order also coming there should be click = directly the latest ordered items will tracked automatically and shows there not ask for the credentials to check order. 



Other things ok no prpblem.  Just now you make more improvements to whole site.. And now for more best complex works to do more easily you should do use 5 agents at a time with your commands to nake my things fulyl completed and the custom added image or customized added product must show exact product if user selected any mockup or uploaded to any mockup and then added to cart to order that then that item should be preview system also be in cart to recheck or re edit if needed or re add anything else also possible i mean you need to understand everything from a buyer side to make fully working and awesome and then do full seo of full website to make our site ranking at one in bangladesh if searrch any one customize gift, gift hamper, best gifts for mother, fathrr,brother any etc type or birthday gifts anniversary planners etc more things and keywords we needed to owned and get organic real traffics ans real order start from now so now you need to use the maximum agent subagenet you can do split those works to morr eprfectly you should finish everything at once and all things at one time has should be done and working as needed or expected from any kind or any side from a user view it must needed to be very friendly working responsive full complete website with all things and all devices and no matter mobile device or desktop all things must should ve very awesomely organized working great premium respondive user friendly and fully premium.