Can you see the last screenshot of your tasks where 6 task perfectly told,  can u do more revise with all things and do the proposed 6 task at once by splitting to multi sgents and work as fast as possible and do sll things implemented with no single issues errors and make sure all works completely finally and also all things working and i will upload some screenshot you will see more problems on that if you see everything as a viewer or user or buyer point of view and you see there is google option to using sign in or creating accoint those are also not working now and shoeing error when signin back trying or creating account trying its failling. Saying google login failed and like so on.  So please please i hope you will do find all things too and do considier all plans and all revised plans work constantly until everything finished completely and fixes completely with everything. After all can you do complete website all a to z frontend to backend full check and make sure all things okay and also make sure the 3d mockups looks great no more errors and actually show as like it placed the image to the mockup it can be in shirt or it can be in mug no matter but everything should needed to show output fully professionally realistic and perfect not like just overlapped, its should be like blended perfectly and actualy look like reals fully. And aldo after all as u know my site is published using the domain. Com and trynexshop.com is my site,  so i need you to make my full website fully working and for the full website you do add 50 blogspost with perfect plannings and other things eith competetiors research and let them go down and rank our trynex to up by using mtitple highlighted used and needed and actual real working keywords and related and other types of every strategies followed to get the best organic results and get visitor from everywhere so 50 blogposts and by maintating 50 different type offpage seo types blogs or whatever you say u do to make my site reach organically boosted up and ranking on everywhete just by searching any name, or shopping or e commerce other websites i need to beat them up everywhere and my site needed to be fully viral everywhere so think and work lile that what Will give us real works and also it truely needed to worked. And also you must check & ensure and assure me also that you did all works after that you did 50.blogs with maintaining and keeping everything at brain to beat all cometitors and side parties and other sites type lile me or more things i can do u need to do for the site when writing the blogs at different types eg: no. 1 blog: best 10 mother day gifts for mothers 2. Best father day gifts 3. Best parent gifts 4. Best lover gifts. 5. Best gifts for her. 6. Best gifts to send your love as a surprise and etc type, you know what i meaning and you can understant the algorithm too o hope and i expect youre more far better than me and a expert developer because youve lots of data which actually work you know really but you would needed to be sure and after surety u do apply all things all pending works and 50 blogs and 31 perfectly new products added as per categories with their images and other things by keeping at mind perfectly not like very wrong type, just like you will do total 31 + previous 9 subtotal 40 products to be added fully with also make surety that all products and designed and everything is boosting our sales because attracting customers because of heading or title or description and mustly for the designes pre templates designs which you will focus so as a prestored products peoples do auto likes them and purchases too + also they can customize so i think you will do use your full brian and if you are thinking to not get all pressyre then split to 20 dub agents the works and mske sure youve completed all at once now with also all task completed as marked after verifying every problem solved and other things uve done.