Sorry for interrupting,  do continue after doing these things first........ See the 1st and 2nd screenshots,  u just need to drag and drop and make sure all responsivene6to all screen devices fully perfect as ut was or is. So whaat you need to do is: see the fabric gsm or etc things scrolling right just after the hero section or in body first sections u can see that right?? Just below of that using proper responsiveness drag the second screenshot given section there and then the other things same as it is. Do not do any kind of wrong. Its not any comolex things and if also i do not expect any kinds of wrong from your side, i just want that the special offer secrion with the offers will shoe before or above the categories cards and below the fabric gsm etc scrolling bar. Hope you understand and then look at the major problem : Design studio 3D is totally broken looklikex only t shirt unisex is working on 3d i mean looks perfectly but other all custom added products 3d views is looks like fucked up! I mean you see the designs im uploading it you will see number 3 to the 6 number screenshots of all products how badly showing,  or you can browse and see that the 2d is ok but 3d without the t shirt unisex all other like mug, long sleeve, cap, hoodie or else if any those all are 3d mockup showing like fuckdup! If you see the mug jt doesnt show the design also perfectly and view port is not responsive ss screen of the 3d view area of all products + mug is like bug and showing a line like its a jar tyoe something which not should be, because u know how a general mug look like, and then if i tell about the Problem that jn 3d view means front and back all things we can see right, if yes than you shouldn’t keeo the front and back option for the unisex t shirt, mugs, water tumbler, long sleeve, cap, hoodie etc things 3d mockup shoudnt show the option of front back if any client selected 3d preview than they only look real realistic perfect 3d model of what they added as a custom logo/picture/texts/emojis or etc things. And also the for the mug the front and back is not needed so u should not keep the front and back option for that item,.. And another thing is for mugs it should show 3d view perfectly already told ok do that, but the mug should show option like one side & another side realistically by maintaining proper viewport and frame and mug color i mean each and evvrrything perfectly as needed to make easy to understand for a customder to do or to see both needed to be very responsive and featurefull working and user friendly + full respondive all sections. Oh yes for mug use 1 more option called  wrap for full body for only the mug , so in mug customization where for apparel in 2d its show front and back and for 3d front back removed for all item and for mug also but for mug the 2d options will be that 3 options that ive told you above just, but u may know best how to implement this thingsgivenjust given you few ideas how i want but i actually hope replit will give me something which will be a really a best winning website at 2026 in worldwide because trynex website design should be really premium and working and good at everything and working as needed with polishments and things and logics and redirects and rules and pages and links and toast notification, animations, transitions, affects, hover affects, bedt customize site feel, premium things with 100% bullet proof working everything and also see the wish list icon is not showing,  i hope you will do add the icon add perfectly just before the search button by maintaining perfect spacing as per other symbols sapcing at header and the wishlist to cart adding or check outinf option is not yet connected or wired up so do this and also for full website check all logics and wiring up and other things linking up and redirects and everything as like that is working and responsiveness for any devices and best working to anywhere but make sure to be conversion boosting best effective working website.  And in Design stuidio their should be free but canva pro editing things responsively show and make sure all actually really working as needed and customer can do anyvkinds of modifications and things but mske very user friendly. Thanks, after all push the codes with each and everything 100% bullet proven guaranteed. 